== Welcome to Grubraise

This is the Grubraise Help File. I will start using this help file to update
my progress.

== Progress:

We will no longer have to sign up directly in the site to have admin power. Just
go to sitename/admin to access the admin page. Just type in user name and password.

This stage is very buggy as I am completely changing over the code to be more
flexible and apt to change as we change. 

I changed the way the application handles static pages. It no longer needs a new 
controller for every static page. All static pages will be handled in the grubraise
folder.


== To-Do: October 31, 2012

1. [Done] Create a Role model:
  
  The role model is going to assign a title to every user in the database. 

1. [Done] Update the user file

  The goal of the user file is to create a very flexible model that can change 
  based on any role created by the team. Today's update is just a matter of 
  connecting the user and the role model.

3. [Ongoing] Add more views to active admin

  This will be an ongoing assignment. Active admin allows me to have a decent of
  control over my application without having to spend much time creating and maintaing
  an admin view. This is valuable time i can spend

== To-Do: November 1, 2012 (More To Come)

1. [Ongoing]Divide the users into subcategories so they can be manipulated more efficiently
    For now I am going to divide it into SchoolAffiliates ands RestuarantAffiliates.
    This allows me to run the forms on separate type of users. 

2. [Cancelled]Find a good approach to multitable inheritance
  Every time I conceptualize a project my mind is trained to think in an object oriented
  form. I am trying to figure out a way I can incorporatew inheritance to the subcategories
  I am going to create from users while being able to add new fields(or columns) to the object.

3. Passing variable through links handled in a database
